---
title: "Day 16"
date: 2021-11-27
categories:
---


##My favorite cartoon.

The cartoon has always been an important part of my lifestyle during childhood. Now also I like to watch cartoons. These are my stress relievers and entertain at the same time. Not only me there are lots of younger people who love them. I have a long list of my favorite cartoons, but I will share my top favorite cartoon series like Charlie Chaplin, Tom, and Jerry, Mr.Bean, Doremon, etc.

I would like to write a few words about Charlie Chaplin and one of his series. Charlie Chaplin is the most successful comedian of all time. He was the creator of comedy as well as a genius too. Though his films were in black and white, he put a color in everyone's life and could make people laugh with no sound.
Charlie Chaplin at the Restaurant: 
In this series, Charlie goes to a restaurant with his girlfriend. They order food and continue to have them. An old man next door finishes his lunch and says he has no money. Then the owner and some people of the restaurant beat him badly and throw him out. Charlie watches all these and asks the waiter what is happening. The waiter says that he didn't pay the bill. Soon after that, charlie gets the bill to pay, he searches his pockets for money. Then he will notice that his pocket has torn and has no money. He will try to escape but there is no way, then sitting there and thinking of ways to escape. Then a man will come to order some food and pay the bill. The waiter puts the money in his pocket in a hurry, but the coin will slip out. Charlie will notice it and try to take the money, but at the same time waiter stands on the coin unnoticing. These actions will continue for some time and charlie finally takes the coin and act as it has been taken out from his pocket and pay the bill. Then as soon as possible they will leave the restaurant. 

The best thing I love Charlie Chaplin series because the way he expresses each feeling, the way he looks, his innocent face, and sometimes act as brilliant all these make a wonderful click. He is such a silent movie star.

*Inspiring Quotes by Charlie Chaplin:*
1."You only need Power, when you want to do something harmful otherwise, Love is enough to get everything done.”
2.“You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down".
3.“I always like walking in the rain, so no one can see me crying.”
4."Life could be wonderful if people would leave you alone”
