---
title: "Day 17"
date: 2021-11-29
categories:
---

##Working to Coding question.

As a CSE graduate, I should be aware of programming languages. But I think I would stand at the top of the list of students who hate coding. I have Programmophobia (fear of coding) and always tried to get rid of it. My friends also tried very hard to teach me coding. And at last, I ended up with my B.Tech without basic coding knowledge and thought of to choose government jobs. Somewhere I had a feeling of guilt that all the students from other branches are trying to learn to code, then why can't I. 

So, I again started to learn code from the basics. Now I can able to code and I know I have improved a lot better than before. In coding, I like strings and Lists topics in python to code. I am very much used to it.

As a part of it today I am going to explain one of the coding questions. It is searching a number given by the user, in the list of numbers that are either ascending or descending order.

**_A solution in Python:_**

1. lst=[151,200,203,565,567,657,1013,2013,4013].
2. k = 657.
3. isAscending = l[0]<l[-1].
4. left = 0
5. right = len(lst)-1
6. while(left <=  right):
7.      mid = (left+right)//2 #0,8,4
8.      if(lst[mid] == k): #151 ! = 657
9.                 print("FOUND")
10.     elif((l[mid] < k and isAscending) or (not isAscending and l[mid]>k)):
11.                left = mid+1
12.       else:
13.                 right = mid-1 
14. _output:_ FOUND.

**Explanation:**   
Here in the 1st step, a random list is generated with a list of numbers in ascending order assigning it to a variable list.
lst=[151,200,203,565,567,657,1013,2013,4013]
The user is going to search a number which is K = 657. The list index starts from '0'. Here I took 3 variables left = 0,right = len(lst) - 1, isAscending = l[0]<l[-1] ,l[0]=151,l[-1] = 4013 which checks the list in ascending or decending order.
From step 6 to step 13, we find the logic to search an element. Here we took a while loop for looping several times. While (151 <= 4013) it enters into the loop and it finds mid element each time the loop runs. Here mid-value is used as an index number. The two forward slashes '//' are called floor value which returns the integer part after dividing.
For the first time, the mid-value will be '0'. So in the 8th step, it will check the condition if(l[0] == 657) satisfies the condition, it will print the text 'FOUND: 657', here l[0] =151, the first IF  condition is failed so it will take next step to check other condition.
In the 10th step, we are again checking the condition that ElseIF ((151 < 657 and isAscending) or (not isAscending and 151 > 657)) ,here OR means if any of the two conditions should pass.Now check the K with the mid-value if it is greater than the K and it was in ascending order move the pointer to the left of next of mid position and same for descending order and element is less than middle one. Otherwise, move the pointer to one step right to the left of the middle element. Like this the loop runs till search element is found.

