---
title: "My Trip To Araku"
date: 2021-11-12
categories:
---


##My First Trip in B.tech

Hey EveryOne Today I came with writing a new blog on "My first trip to ARAKU".

I went to araku with my brother's diploma friends in B.Tech's 2nd year in the month of December. It was a sudden trip to me because it was a thought of my brother and his friends, I am not involved and even I don't know they are planning to go to araku. When my brother said about the plan in my house, my parents said okay you can go and suggested him take me also with them, then all his friends were agreed. They were 8 members including me 4 boys and 4 girls, one of them is my brother's friend sister. And I too know them well. As I was staying in the hostel, I went to take permission from the warden. Then I wrote a letter that I am going home, there was a housewarming celebration mentioning 3 days leave. Mam permitted me. I set everything ready.
	
I started from my hostel soon after college on 4th Dec 2017 to Vizag, as my brother was pursuing his B.Tech final year in Vizag A.U college. All his friends were there when I reached Vizag. Then I kept my bag in my brother's. We ate some fast food and went to see CMR, and some other place and after at 5 pm, we reached the beach. As that day is "NAVY DAY" it was the first and last time I am attending it. I enjoyed that evening very well. Then we went to take a room for girls, as boys stay in my brother's hostel. After that we had our dinner, I felt very happy meeting them after a very long time, we had some chit chat, laughed, the evening went well. After that, we went to sleep fastly because we want to start to araku early in the morning.

on 5th Dec we started from Vizag at 5 AM by bus, but it was a little sad to us because we planned to travel by train, due to some construction problems we went by bus. Any away it is also an awesome journey. We reached araku at 8 AM, we had our breakfast , we went to our rooms , placed all our lagguage there and we booked a car to visit all the places. At first, we went to a coffee shop where we had our coffee, played some games, from there we came to tribal places and visit all the shops . Then we went to the Garden we roamed, swung in the park, played puzzle game which was built by plants,it was nice. Then we had our lunch but it didnot taste good . Soon after our lunch, we went to a place called "Chapareyi", which is a small water flow, we spent some time playing in the water, ate bamboo chicken which was a famous dish there, then we return to our rooms.As it was winter season the weather was too cold,we put two heaters in one bucket.Then we fresh up and ate our dinner, chatting, laying on beds. There was a surprise plan on that night,as one of my brother's friends birthday.We celebrated it well,we had a campfire, dancing, laughing till 3AM. After that we all went to sleep.

The next day we went to visit a coffee plantation,water fall. We went to water falls,it was a like hillwalking,I was scared because of the narrow way,i didn't even looked down once. Atlast we reached waterfall,for the sound of water,my ears stopped working,I was very excited,the water was as cool as the iced water bottle we just take from the fridge and pour from head. I spent a lot time there and we came back to visit "Burra caves" as it was getting late, we have to catch vizag bus.We waited for the bus for at least half an hour,the bus was very rush,there were no places to sit, as we were tired we are unable to stand,but managed for time.Then we reached Vizag we went to our rooms and freshen up,went to the beach, stayed some time there and we went to sleep.

The next day on the 7th everyone get readying to go to our places. I reached my hostel by afternoon.It was a wonderful trip for me as I enjoyed a lot,the scenery,the climate was beautiful.


