---
title: "Thirteen day"
date: 2021-11-23
categories:
---

##About Project 

The first project I have built with my knowledge without anyone's help is the "Food Munch Application" which is based on HTML, CSS, and Boostrap technologies. These are the only languages I am most familiar with. It makes use of a great user interface design.

HTML: HyperText Markup Language is a computer language that makes up most web pages and online applications. It is mainly used to display the structure of a web page and its content.

CSS: Cascading Style Sheet is used to define styles for your web pages, including the design, colors, fonts layout, and variations in display for different devices and screen sizes. It provides an additional feature to HTML.

BOOTSTRAP: Bootstrap is the most popular front-end framework used to create modern websites and web apps. It's open-source and free to use, yet features numerous HTML and CSS. With Bootstrap, web developers can concentrate on the development work, without worrying about design, and get a good-looking website up and running quickly. Conversely, it gives web designers a solid foundation for creating interesting Bootstrap themes.

Food Munch is a multinational restaurant website and food delivery company like Zomato, Swiggy, and Uber. It provides information, menus, and user reviews of restaurants as well as food delivery options from partner restaurants in select cities.

We say no to harmful chemicals and go fully organic with our range of fresh fruits and veggies. Pamper your body and your senses with the true and pure gifts from mother nature. We also offer a 5% discount on every order every time you pay online and a surprise gift too. 

In the footer section, we allowed customers to follow us on social media like Twitter, Instagram, Facebook. I have done this using fontAwesome.com where we can find icons of different sizes.
