---
title: "Thirteen day"
date: 2021-11-24
categories:
---

##Favourite App

There are more than five apps I use daily. Among them, I want to write a blog on one of the apps which is more favorable for me. 

Google is the first and the best search engine which I know and like the most. There are so many reasons I want to explain. From my childhood, I have fear of asking doubts to the class teacher as well as friends too. At that time, I always used to think, what if we have a search engine and I also don't know the existence of such an app. To be frank, I am not that much aware of smartphones too till my 10th class. After that When I got to know about google I was so excited and felt very happy that my thought made it into reality. Truly I think everyone had the same kind of feeling.

Google: As I already said Google is the most popular and best search engine. Searching in Google is pretty easy. Just type what you're interested in finding into the search box on the Google website, as you type, you may see words begin to appear below the toolbar's search box. Many links are displayed from different websites related to what we search provided with two or three lines of the information below the links. From that information, we can easily able to navigate to new tabs which are loaded with a lot of matter. It also provides videos.

It is also provided with many other features like we can set the language, translate, dictionary, voice recognition, etc. We can also have fun with google.