---
title: "About Today In My life"
date: 2021-11-11
categories:
---



Today I got up late at 9 AM as it was raining heavily, it became colder than daily. Then I got freshen up, drank some hot water and after some time I completed my breakfast at 10 AM. Then I helped my mother in household works like sweeping. At 10:30 AM I went out to pay my power bill, bring water, and buy vegetables which my sister told to me bring with my cousin. At 11:30 AM I reached home. 
Then I sat a little time thinking what's my study schedule today, while I was looking at my phone, I got a message from my training team that I have a Mock Interview from 1:30 PM to 2:30 PM. Then I started to refer to my notes and practiced some coding questions and also searched some topics in google to revise them. I finished my lunch in just 15 minutes and I started to control my nervousness, tension. The mock interview went all good and I am happy that I have improved my confidence and bravery a little bit more than before. After the mock interview, I practiced and search google for the questions which I was unable to answer. Then I watched some youTube videos on 'MasterChef' and took a rest for some time. At 4 PM I got up went to my neighbor's house to sit and chat for 15 minutes. Then I came to the home and again helped my mother, grandmother to clean the house and fold clothes. 
At 5:30 PM I got freshen up and sat in front of my laptop started learning and solving aptitude problems and English vocabulary. At 6:30 I started searching about how to write effective blogs.
Now I am writing a blog on how about today. After that, I will have my dinner and watch TV till 9 PM. Then I will listen to some sessions on how to answer HR questions in interviews, practice vocabulary, apt and just little prayer and I will sleep at 11:30 PM.