---
title: "My Besties"
date: 2021-11-16
categories:
---


##My Best Buddies 

Today I am going to write about the two buddies I have. One is my childhood schoolmate and the other from my engineering background. There are so many more similar things between them. That's why both connected to me. 

Firstly, I am going to introduce my schoolmate; her name is Swathi. We used to stay in a hostel and study, which is also known as a convent. I don't know why she chooses me as her best friend because I am an angry bird. I know her from 6th class onwards. As she is from a different class, we don't have many conversations. We used to meet in a hostel and just wave hands. But after a year, day by day, unknowingly, we came to the best friends in the hostel. We used to go anywhere, like for the mess, home, games, study hall together. The school father used to call us "Magnets". 

I don't know how to express her love towards me. Thinking about her now makes me cry because I used to scold her even for small mistakes and it's very tough for me to forgive fast. We have so many quarrellings. But one day we had a big quarrel; we stopped talking for a few days also. I don't know who started our first conversation after quarreling; we burst like anything. But even though she stayed by my side. She is a multitalented girl, and she always tries to teach me those things and encourages me a lot. She is God's gift. 

Secondly, Nagasai is my engineering buddy. I always test his patience and say that don't test my patience. He is such a patience, little innocent fellow. Truly, he never scolded me and tries to say anything in an understandable way. He worked hard to teach me coding. I always get irritated, even though he never stopped teaching me. He used to suggest me, like my brother. There are many more to say.The way he does the things irritates me a lot,sooner he tries to arrange them calm.

I always think that, why I cannot understand people quickly, but people around me can easily understand me and tries to act according to my mood swings. I am a negative thinker, but I have got positivity, patience,calmness,strong, from them.

