---
title: "Day 20"
date: 2021-12-02
categories:
---

##Trying New Food Item


Food is one of the most important things humans need to survive because it provides us with energy and nutrients that can't be found in fruits and vegetables like carbohydrates, fat, protein, vitamins or mineral.

In my Engineering final year I went to a mall called 'Next Galleria' which is also known as 'Hyderabad Next' in Hyderabad with my cousins. There are many things in that mall, like different shopping malls, Varieties of Food options, Children's play areas, Theaters, etc. 
 
It was the first time I am hearing about a dish called "Momos" which was Nepal and Tibet popular dish. Till that time I only know momo means an alien which is fake news spread on social media. I even don't how the food item looks like. My cousins told me about it. So we ordered veg-momos. I am eagerly waiting for it because I always like to try new dishes. 

At first, when I looked into the dish, the item was like steamed stuffed balls with some folds on themserved with ketchup and mayonnaise. I thought if it is cooked it must change the color into golden brown but, why it is still like it before cooking. And told my cousins it needs some more time for cooking, it doesn't cook well. They explained everything. Then we started having them. To be frank, I was impressed more and I ate more.

The momos taste delicious. The filling inside of each piece was juicy and melted in my mouth with each bite that I had. I was very delight and thought of must having second time.
