---
title: "Day 18"
date: 2021-11-30
categories:
---

##My Ideal Person

Human beings are not perfect. We all have some form of deficiency that disallows us what we wish to. It may be a character flaw or a physical disability. We all have something that we are not proud of. Something that makes us so uncomfortable that our confidence levels fall to zero whenever we think about it.

While there are things we cannot change about ourselves, such as height, intelligence, race, or size of our fingers, there are other factors in our lives that we can change and they are the ones that matter. We are not remembered for our tallness or brownness, we are remembered for our righteousness or holders. Therefore, an ideal person possesses all character qualities that are considered values in society.

When I talk about an ideal person, one person comes to mind- My Elder Sister. Her name is 'Amulya'. The name itself has a meaning which is 'Priceless' where her love, kindness, and generosity cannot be measured. She is my second mother. 

There are many things to say about her. But, I am going to say the five main reasons why I choose her as my ideal are because, 

* Firstly, her love towards everyone is equal, she never showed partiality.
* She always tells truth in any case and tries to solve issues in the family quickly. She is strong spirited person.
* Another good quality of her is to give to everyone in what she has. She never hesitates while giving. It is her nature.
* One of the main reasons I always try to learn from her is she is very tolerant and takes great care of young children and the elderly.
* One can conclude that she is dull because of her silent nature, but after knowing her, she turns out to be friendly, warm-hearted, and gentle.

I have always wanted to thank God for giving me such a lovely sister. And I am very lucky to have her in my life.